I'm afraid the Eastern Zhou Dynasty will suffer
Look where the curse came from
Where did destiny come from
Isn't it all right?
This is complete nonsense.
Eastern Zhou Dynasty chaos
I am the culprit
You are still quibbling
The Eastern Zhou Dynasty is under my protection
safe and sound
You've all seen it.
Marriage is ruined
The furnace is ruined
Nothing happened.
We have been deceived by those 9 for so long
It's time to end this
Exactly.
We have protected Kyushu for so many years
The credit goes to these nine tops
And now there's a wild boy
If you open your mouth, you will marry Tianyu
Just a dream
Yang Feng has been killed for his father
Destroy all tripods
It's time to stop me
Who is this guy?
Who is this? Who is this?
Why did he come to Zhongzhou old Zhou Zhu?
He comes to work
You nine clans are really brave
Even Jiuding dares to destroy
Aren't you afraid of your own destruction?
Why did the old Zhou master say this?
Don't you know that Jiuding will return to Kyushu?
Have you forgotten your original oath?
State Lord Mu, I think you are old and confused
Isn't Kyushu doing well now?
Is it messy because a tripod is destroyed?
That's right, the uncle said you are old
Don't come out and mess around
Go back and retire
Are you going to piss me off?